Add pdm to non-PyPA project list (#987)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/key_projects.rst

Multibuild is a set of CI scripts for building and testing Python :term:`wheels <Wheel>` for
Linux, macOS, and (less flexibly) Windows. Also see :ref:`cibuildwheel`.

.. _pdm:

pdm
===

`Docs <https://pdm.fming.dev/>`__ |
`GitHub <https://github.com/pdm-project/pdm/>`__ |
`PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/pdm>`__

> PDM is a modern Python package manager with PEP 582 support.
> It installs and manages packages in a similar way to npm that doesn't need
> to create a virtualenv at all. It uses a ``pyproject.toml`` to store project metadata
> as defined in PEP 621. With PDM, you can experience the state of art in the Python
> packaging world.

Reviewer: Let's add some helpful links. Also, since the "state of the art" is constantly evolving, I think it's best to be modest.

```suggestion
PDM is a modern Python package manager with :pep:`582` support. It installs and
manages packages in a similar way to ``npm`` that doesn't need to create a
:term:`virtual environment` at all. It also uses :term:`pyproject.toml` to store
project metadata as defined in :pep:`621`.
```
